---
id: 744
title: FAQs
date: 2016-09-23T17:50:24+00:00
author: Jamie Scott
layout: post
guid: https://www.hackasoton.com/?page_id=744
---

## What is a Hackathon?

During a hackathon you have 24 to 48 hours, depending on the event, to work with in small team on something new and exciting. You will compete against other teams for prizes but in the end everyone is a winner! The prizes may be awesome but the main focus is developing new and existing idea, making contacts and learning new things.

## What can I make?

Absolutely anything! A website, an application, a game or something totally different. You can also work with hardware too.

## Does this cost money?

In order to help us fund food and to entice commitment, we ask for a small £5 fee which covers you for all Hackathons we run in that academic year.

## Do I have to know how to code?

Not at all! As long as you want to work with others to develop your idea, or someone else&#8217;s idea! Aside from needing developers, we also need designers and entrepreneurs to make the product you come away with a success.

## Is there food?

More than you can possibly imagine. Not just food too, we have drinks and snacks to keep you going through the night, if you choose to stay up that is!

## Can I sleep there?

There will be a sleeping area, but you should ideally bring a sleeping bag if you do want to sleep. If you are traveling from a long distance contact us after your application and we will try our best to accommodate you!

## Can I do \_\_\_\_\_ specialist thing?

Probably, yes. Do get in touch with us at <mailto:hack@soton.ac.uk> if you are unsure and want to ask. Feel free however to bring any special equipment you want to use.
